Update Snaps user interface section (#1829)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/features/notifications.md

## Expanded view

> In-app notifications can include an optional expanded view that will be displayed when the user selects the notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-app notifications can include an optional expanded view that displays when selected.
```
